[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Do not stop dreaming.
Whatever I dream, to make it.
If I really want it, to do it.
But he keeps saying strong
roots, strong foundations.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Daniel.
I live in the Isle
of Wight in Sandown.
I'm 38 years old.
I'm a care support worker,
working with elderly people
and different types
of Alzheimer's.
My dad is born and
bred in England.
My mother, she was born
and bred in Venezuela.
They both met when my dad,
working in the farming industry,
landed a job back
in South America,
and bumped into my mother.
Here I am.
[LAUGHS]
I grew up in Venezuela
until the age of 16,
when I went to
agriculture college trying
to follow my dad's footprints.
But decided it
wasn't really for me,
and decided to come to the
UK and join the British army.
Which I did pretty
well, but then again,
I wasn't fulfilled
with myself and I
decided to do
something else, which
involved helping humans' life.
As time goes on,
obviously moving
on with different types of
job with the elderly people,
high challenging behavior
with a young adult.
Trying to get to learn
the grasps of working
in that environment, bumping
to now who she is, my missus.
She actually opened the door.
I thought she was the
manager of the place.
She was not.
Shook her hand.
Funny enough, I
knew that she was
going to be involved
in my life somehow,
not knowing that 10
years down the line,
we would still be
together and have
a beautiful family together.
And we decided it was the right
thing to move somewhere else.
So we came to the Isle
of Wight one weekend.
But life continues the same.
Everyday routine, routine,
routine, and more routine.
I'm too wild to be
tame in that sense.
[LAUGHS] For me, I need that
sense of adventure all the time.
Not knowing what's
happening, going
to different places,
different cultures,
meeting different
people, different food,
taking challenges, skydiving,
bungee jumping, just
doing the unknown.
That is what is meaning
in my life for me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Trying to find a
meaning for myself,
what am I supposed to be doing.
Not being lost, because I know
who I am and what my family
and everything.
But it's the feeling of what
am I supposed to be doing?
And it's always trying to
chase that feeling of what
is my meaning here.
My wife met Ellemiek Drucker
through a friend of hers.
And I felt really curious
with the outcome of hers.
And I was like, I
was wondering like,
maybe perhaps I should try.
My hope is after having
these sessions with Ellemiek
I can find my own answers
and many other answers.
Hopefully she will be able
to help me with and come back
with a clear mind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Ellemiek Drucker.
I live on the Isle of Wight.
I'm a between lives spiritual
regression therapist.
I'm a proud mom of two teenage
boys really enjoying life
on the Isle of Wight.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Between life
spiritual regression
is a form of
hypnosis where I take
the client into a deep
state of relaxation,
and then I take him
back to the period
in between lives to experience
the journey their soul was
on before they were
born into this life.
I was very lucky
growing up in Holland
that my parents
never really pushed
a religious or
spiritual narrative
onto me and my brother.
So we were really
given a lot of freedom
to discover what we
thought was important.
Why are we here?
What am I here to do?
Really searching for ways
of improving my life,
getting those deeper
answers for myself.
After high school,
went to the States.
Was an exchange
student for a year,
lived with a wonderful
family in Colorado.
After there, I
studied some more,
then just had a series
of office jobs, banks,
I worked in nature conservation
where I met my husband.
After 10 years in
Holland with me,
he really wanted to
go back to England.
So then I went
back to university,
did a psychology degree, and
that really rekindled my love
for spiritual matters.
So I did training with
Dolores Cannon at QHHT.
And then I discovered Andy
Tomlinson with the Past Life
Regression Academy.
They train hypnotherapist
regression therapists
and Between Life
Spiritual Regression
therapists all over the world,
both in person and online.
When I discovered
Andy Tomlinson,
it was like a new
world opened up for me.
I'd done a regression
into past lives before,
but there it was, lacking
the clarity for me.
I'd go back to past lives,
but I wouldn't know why
I was feeling sad, for example.
And with Andy and his method, I
know exactly what's happening.
I know why I'm sad.
And there's so many
different techniques
for resolving whatever
issue comes up
or for getting a real
clarity into what
happened between lives.
So it's just a
fascinating method.
I offer sessions on the Isle
of Wight in Glastonbury,
and in Holland, and via Zoom.
Clients that come to
me for between life,
spiritual regression
are usually clients
that don't really have any
issues in their current life.
They have questions.
They want to know who
they are, whether they're
on the right path,
what they can do
to improve their relationship.
So it's not so much that
they've got things going on,
in fact, if they do,
I would generally
suggest that they resolve those
first with regression therapy,
for example.
But between life
spiritual regression
just gives insight to
questions that they might have.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I met Dan through a
mutual friend of ours.
And have done one discovery
session where I took Dan back
to a positive past life.
That was a really interesting
experience for him.
He's now coming back
to me for between life
spiritual regression
because he's
got questions about his life.
And he just wants
to know the journey
that his soul undertook between
his last death and his birth
now as Dan.
So I'm really excited
what Dan's going
to uncover during his
session, and we never
know what's going to happen.
One of my mentors
always said, we're
simple folk in
regression therapy.
We just follow the energy.
So wherever the client needs
to go, that's where we'll go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So thank you so much
for coming today.
Thank you.
So just to tell you what
we're going to do today,
we're going to just have a chat
so that you know what to expect,
what's going to happen today.
Then we'll have a look at the
questions that you brought in.
Then we'll just go on straight
to the between life session
today.
>> That's right.
Thank you.
>> So I had a lovely
discovery session with you,
that was a few weeks.
That was--
>> We did.
>> Via Zoom, wasn't it?
>> Yeah, it was
really interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Especially with
the smell of lavender.
>> The lavender you said that.
Yeah.
>> I can't stand it.
Funny enough that I felt
I loved it and I liked it.
But part of me was
saying what you're doing?
What you're doing?
You hate it.
You don't like this.
What are you doing?
>> Yeah
>> So it felt really strange and
peculiar, to be honest with you.
>> Indeed, there's
a double awareness.
You are going to be
aware at all times
that you're Dan, that you're
here in the room with me
in Ventnor.
But also you're going to be
like oh wow, I'm in this,
I'm meeting this beautiful
light, or oh I feel so peaceful
or whatever it is.
And you will have that little
voice, like, what are you doing?
I don't like lavender
or whatever it is.
>> That felt really
weird, at first.
>> And you did that brilliantly.
Just go with it.
That's for me.
If I can get people
to just be open
like you did brilliantly
during the discovery session,
that's all I need.
My questions are just to help
you open up your experience.
So whatever it is that comes to
you, it will be coming from you.
I'm not interjecting anything.
>> Yeah.
That's brilliant.
>> When we go into the session,
I'll first induce a deep level
of hypnosis for you, and then
I'm going to ask your higher
mind if there is anything we
need to do for you to have
the best possible between
life spiritual regression.
After that, when we're all
done, when we're all good,
in all likelihood, we will have
met your spirit guide by then.
Check whether we're all good.
I've got my trusted
pendulum with me.
I'll double check as well,
and then I'll take you back
to your most recent past life.
The information
that you experience
could be quite
abstract, but it still
has got to go through
your human brains,
then got to come out in
words using your vocal cord,
and in words that I
understand, ideally in English.
So there's quite a lot going on.
So some people say
there might only
be 10%, 20% of what
you experience.
You'll actually be
verbalizing to me in words.
Does that all make sense?
>> Yeah, it does.
It does.
>> Yeah, cool.
So if we can look at the
questions that you've got here,
what's your purpose
in this life?
Yeah, that's a lovely
question, isn't it?
Why do I dream a lot
with a white bull?
>> Yes, I do.
I keep dreaming with
this white bull.
>> And it's the same dream every
time, or it's different dream?
>> Different scenarios.
But sometimes I'm riding the
bull like American rodeo.
And it's no fear against
that bull or anything--
>> Yes.
>> But he just keeps appearing.
>> And he's white.
>> Yes, white bull.
>> How cool.
How interesting.
We're going to find
out about that.
>> That's weird.
>> White bull, yeah.
So why do I need to
succeed all the time?
Failure is not an option.
>> Not exactly.
It's like for me, failure
is like, I can't fail.
>> OK.
>> If I fail, I'm
letting myself down.
It's like, even those things
like silly tasks, for me,
they must be done a certain way.
>> We'll find out.
How come I can help anybody, but
at times I can't help myself?
>> It's so frustrating.
I'm very good at
helping people, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Any time they
call me, I'm there.
I go the extra mile for
anybody, because I do.
And then when it comes
to me, I'm like, OK,
but I can't really help myself.
But then I don't want failure.
But I need to, But
it's just weird.
It's just bizarre.
I'm good at helping others, but
I'm not good at helping myself.
>> Good question.
Brilliant question.
Wow, OK.
So you know what we're
doing today, deep hypnosis.
We'll ask your higher mind.
And we'll just
take it from there.
>> That's fine, thank you.
>> Cool, lovely.
Let's get to it then.
>> I feel privileged to be here.
>> Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
>> No, thank you.
>> And tell me, what is the
first thing that you notice
here.
>> Boat.
>> A boat.
It's in a city with water.
>> What else can
you notice here?
>> It's like an open market.
People trading.
>> People trading, yes.
>> It's like being asleep
and you're dreaming.
But it's really realistic
because you can touch,
you can smell, there's texture.
>> Tell me, is there anything
on your feet or are they bare?
>> Like boots.
>> What about the
rest of the body.
Is there any
clothing on the body?
>> Yes, heavy clothing.
Some of it has got metal
on the top of my body.
>> What I tend to do is,
I get people to describe
their surroundings first,
and then after that,
I get them to focus
on themselves.
And when he started describing
this, it was heavy--
metal on the top of his body.
That really told me
that he was there
because he could feel
that on his body.
>> It felt heavy, like
really, really heavy.
If I would have to run,
I wouldn't know how.
>> This is the body of a
man or the body of a woman?
>> Man.
>> Late 20s.
>> Just tell me
what happens here?
What happens next?
>> I see old buildings
around the market.
>> Aha.
>> It's like a port
for vessel ships.
Also people loading
ships with livestock.
>> With livestock.
>> Livestock and fruits.
>> Livestock, fruits.
>> I feel like I'm
guarding the area.
It's a lot of people
walking around.
>> Let's move forward to the
next significant event in that
same lifetime.
Just tell me what you
become aware of here.
>> Wine.
Like an old pub.
>> Is it just you in the
pub or are there others?
>> No, There are others.
>> Others as well.
>> People drinking, laughing.
It felt like whatever
people I was working with,
they were there as well, and we
were just having a good laugh,
happy hour.
Drinking the most amazing wine
I've tried ever in planet Earth.
It was delicious.
[LAUGHS] You should take
me back there again.
[LAUGHS]
>> Let's move forward to the
next significant event in that
same lifetime.
The scene in the pub
felt like that was
more to set the scene for him.
It didn't really feel like
there was a significant event.
It was more about him catching
up with his colleague.
We didn't need any
more information there,
so then I just moved him on.
>> I'm sailing a ship.
Storm.
Storm weather.
>> Storm weather.
What is it that you do
on this sailing ship?
Telling people what to do.
>> Ah.
>> We're heading north.
It doesn't feel good, though.
>> It doesn't feel good?
>> OK.
I've got a storm coming.
I need to head North to go
around to the storm to continue.
Weather's getting worse.
So what do we do?
Do we go back?
We can't, because of the sea.
So it just felt like
on the losing battle.
And I'm telling
people what to do,
with not really certainty
of what's going to happen.
>> In this preparation for
going into the between lives,
if there's anything difficult
we move people on straightaway
after.
If somebody were to get oh my
goodness, my ship is sinking.
Oh my men, oh I'm going to die.
And all this emotion comes out.
It's very difficult,
if not impossible,
to move on from
that to then oh, I'm
reaching this higher vibration.
I'm seeing the light.
I'm moving on.
So let's move now to the
last day of that lifetime.
>> I'm surrounded by people.
I have a rope on my neck.
>> Rope on my neck.
>> They're hanging me.
And I'm thinking, why?
I haven't done nothing wrong.
This is not fair.
And actually they were
even throwing stones at me.
But they were missing.
I thought that you
can't aim that good.
[LAUGHS] something inside me.
>> Again, same thing there.
I didn't want him to
re-experience that death,
so I just moved
him straight along.
So let's go forward
in time to the time
just after you take
your last breath.
>> I feel peaceful but cold.
It's dark.
It was dark.
>> So can you see the body?
>> Next to me.
>> Next to you.
>> People looking at it.
Some crying, some don't.
Some that look in satisfaction.
But the body is lying on a
hard surface like a stone or--
that actually scared me a bit.
Because I felt cold, it's true.
And then to see me and
down like, but this is me.
What are you doing there?
I'm here but you're there.
Peekaboo.
[LAUGHS] You don't get off me.
[LAUGHS]
>> So let's go forward in time
a little bit to the time that
you're able to leave
that body behind.
>> Feels peaceful.
>> A lot of trees.
>> What else can
you notice here?
>> White bull.
>> Is the white bull near you
or is it a bit further away?
>> A bit further away.
It's grazing.
He knows I'm here, but he's--
remains calm, like
minding his own business.
>> I see him in all my
dreams all the time.
I'm like, not you again.
I don't get really intimidated
by him, nor does he.
We make peace in that way.
You stay there.
I'll stay here.
>> What else is happening here?
It's like a farm.
I can see people
working the land.
I like picking vegetables.
Some sort of vegetables.
>> How do you feel here?
This farm.
>> Happy.
>> You're happy.
I was expecting him to go then
into the between lives space
where perhaps they meet
a light or whatever,
but instead he went to
a different past life.
What do you look like here?
>> In my 30s, I'd say.
Strange looking sandals,
but comfortable.
>> Let's move to the
last day of your life.
Because our aim was to go
into the between lives space,
we didn't really need to
explore that many past lives.
So then again, that's
the reason why I said,
OK, we're going to move on
to the last day of your life
in that past lifetime.
>> I'm standing right
next to the body.
I see people crying.
But I feel comfortable.
>> You feel comfortable.
Good.
>> Relieved.
>> This one felt more human
because I had people who cared
for me and they were
crying and it felt normal.
It felt OK.
>> And how do you feel being
here in this gathering?
>> I left but not content.
>> Not content.
>> I didn't fulfill enough.
It felt I didn't fulfill all my
expectations and dreams that I
had for that life or pass
on whatever knowledge I had.
>> I'd like you to
go to a time, place,
where you planned
your current life.
>> It's inside a house.
A lot of wooden furniture.
Hand crafted wooden furniture.
>> What is it that happens here
in this big house where you
planned your current life?
>> Just building it, making it.
>> So tell me about building
your life, making it.
>> The sense of wanting more,
more, and more, and more,
but not enough.
>> So the sense of wanting
more, but a sense of not having
enough.
>> I'm not doing enough.
>> Not doing enough.
>> So what things are you
wanting from this life that
you're making, that
you're building?
>> Happiness.
He came to this space where he
was literally building his life.
The way it came
out for him is I'm
building furniture
made with wood.
He was building literally
his life now is done.
It was beautiful to see.
Just tell me how that
building is coming on.
>> Beautiful.
It's perfect.
Everything is working
the right way.
>> All right.
>> Precise.
And I feel happy about it.
I remember just
standing there looking,
wow, look what I've done.
It looks amazing.
I'm making the tables, I'm
making, furniture and stuff
like that.
It looked beautiful.
It was a feeling
of accomplishment
like, yes, I've done it.
I've done everything
what I wanted to do,
how I wanted to do.
>> Is that the shape that
the happiness has taken now?
Is it the shape of something
handcrafted, wooden?
>> Yes.
So just describe this
handcrafted happiness to me.
Happiness with a loved one.
I'm making like
tables and ornaments.
>> Are they all made of wood,
or are they different materials?
>> Made of wood.
>> Wood.
Is it any particular wood
that they're made of?
>> Cherry.
It's strong.
>> It's strong
>> Durable.
>> I understand.
>> Strong.
Durable.
What is it specific
about cherry wood?
What made him pick that?
Because sometimes that can tell
us a little bit more about it.
And he said it's durable.
It's really hard-wearing.
Tell me a little bit
about one of the ornaments
that you've made.
>> Handles for tools.
Saws.
>> And how is having the cherry
wood handles with the saws,
how is it going to bring
happiness with a loved one
in your upcoming life?
>> Long lasting.
>> And how are the tools?
How is the saw
going to help you?
>> By measuring and
cutting correctly.
>> When something is cut
correctly, measured correctly,
that contributes to the
happiness, doesn't it?
>> Fits correctly.
>> It fits correctly.
How are the tables going to
contribute to the happiness?
>> Family.
I was making those tables
for our family to come.
Obviously, having had that
big house, it felt empty.
So the more furniture
I made, in my mind,
I'm thinking the more
people will come.
>> He was measuring,
he was planning.
He was literally
building his life.
It's happiness he
wanted, isn't it?
And that's how he was
creating that for himself.
Now that the planning, the
preparation is all done,
what else did you do?
Who else did you meet?
>> Two friends.
One is tall, gray hair.
He's very serious.
But a good friend.
>> A good friend.
>> We speak about life.
He says, in order
to have strong roots
you need to create strong
foundations, to have
a good life.
>> Do you fully understand
what he means by that?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
Good.
He needed to get the roots, the
elemental things of his life
right.
He needed to measure that
correctly, plan that correctly.
And once those
foundations were correct,
then anything he
would build, create
on top of that would also do
well and be solid and be strong.
>> Without foundation you
can't have good roots.
Without good roots you can't
have a good foundation.
Just simple as that.
So you need to have the
balance of both of them
in order to be what
you want to become,
what you want to build in life.
>> I believe you mentioned there
was another friend you were
meeting, wasn't there?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
Tell me how the other
friend appears to you.
>> Very drunk.
Mhm.
Tell me more about that.
>> Joking, always joking.
And he goes to the opposite
of what my other friend says.
He says live and dance
as if it's the last day.
Basically, don't stop
enjoying yourself in life.
If you want to do
something, just do it.
Isn't it just nice to do
something what you want to do
and when you want to do it.
Simple as that.
Regardless, you have family,
you have bills to pay,
you got a wife.
Just you're your own person.
It doesn't mean, you cannot
do things you want to do.
>> Does he say anything
more about that?
>> No, but he's looking at my
other friend, sarcastically.
>> Sarcastically.
How does the other
friend react to that?
>> He reacts by looking
at him with wide eyes.
>> He say anything?
>> Just the look is enough.
He just opened his eyes, like
whoa, with eyebrow up, really.
But to be honest with
you, it felt really funny
at the same time, because I was
looking at them and I was like,
you're telling me like I
need roots on foundation.
You're telling me just to enjoy
as much as I want to in case,
it's the last day.
You never know.
So which one do I opt for.
>> And how do
these friends feel?
Do these friends feel familiar,
as if you've met them before?
Or does it feel like this is
the first time you've met?
>> Very familiar.
>> I wonder if the
gray-haired friend,
if he says anything about in
order to have strong roots,
you need to create strong
foundations to have a good life.
>> Don't stop dreaming.
Whatever I dream, to make it.
If I really want to do it.
But he keeps saying, strong
roots, strong foundations.
>> If you can dream
it, you can make it.
And that spoke to me as well.
If you can dream, if you
can imagine something,
if you can see it in your mind's
eye, then you can manifest it,
you can realize it.
>> You choose what
advice you want to take.
You can take the
quick one, which
is just to have
fun all the time,
and don't achieve anything.
Or you can take and
achieve whatever you
want to achieve then have fun.
>> No wonder whether there
is anything else that you did
in order to get ready
for this upcoming life.
>> I met this woman.
>> You met this woman.
>> Tell me, perhaps,
first of all,
how this woman appears to you?
>> Very cheeky.
Confident.
She tells me I need
to balance myself.
And she shows me, like
the symbol of yin yang?
>> Yes.
>> Something similar.
>> Symbol of Yin Yang.
>> She mentions something
like too much yang is good,
but not enough yin is not good.
Pace myself.
She says it's OK to be
very masculine, but also
too much of it is not good.
>> Yeah.
>> It's OK to be, man.
It's OK to be loud.
It's OK to have a
strong character.
But you need to lower it down
and bring the yin up a bit.
Have a bit more emotions, have
a bit, a bit of everything
in order to be balanced.
Otherwise, it's no good.
>> What does she
mean by yin and yang?
>> She's like telling
me, go one step back.
Like, pace yourself,
hold your horses.
Something like that.
It feels that way.
>> Hold your horses.
>> I need to find a balance
with my character and myself,
to take a step back.
Patience.
Before I finish something, I
started three things already.
And then I think, OK, how
am I going to do it all?
So probably that's
the reason why.
Start something, finish it,
then move on to the next stage.
>> Does she say anything else?
>> I need to eat more fruit.
>> How is that going--
>> And beetroot.
>> More fruit and beetroot.
>> I don't eat a lot of fruits.
Put a steak in front of me, a
T-bone, straight away on it.
But fruits, no yeah,
they're all right.
They're there.
They look nice and shiny.
>> What is eating more
fruit going to give you?
>> Vitamins.
>> And the beetroot?
>> For my immune system.
>> Immune system.
>> I hate beetroot.
I absolutely hate beetroot.
Absolutely hate it.
Oh my God.
I'm traumatized with it.
But in there again, I
didn't dislike beetroot.
And I'm thinking,
my subconscious
is like, what are you doing?
Don't even think of
planting beetroot there.
It's not going to
go well with you.
I hated beetroot.
You can tie me up.
Torture me.
No, thank you.
>> Is there anything else about
the future that is discussed
here between you and her?
>> No.
OK.
You came to this session with
some questions, didn't you?
We're going to just
ask those questions.
What is your purpose
in this life?
>> I need to find myself first.
I'm there, but not
quite there yet.
>> What can help you
to find yourself?
>> Learn to forgive.
>> What can help you do that?
>> Talking to them.
>> Once you've found yourself
and you've learned how
to forgive, what can they tell
you about the purpose in this
life?
>> Helping people.
Finding solutions.
>> So am I right then in
thinking that what you do now
fits in with your
purpose in life?
>> Yes.
>> Another question you had was,
why do you dream with a white
bull.
>> It's a father figure.
Not to be afraid.
>> So am I right in thinking the
white bull is there to help you?
>> Yes.
>> What things might the white
bull be able to help you with?
>> Guidance.
>> You mentioned having a
need for success all the time.
That failure is not
an option for you.
>> To do one thing at a time.
Don't rush and try and
make 10 things at once.
Do one task then move to
the other task step by step.
>> So is this again about
finding that balance?
>> Yes.
>> Is finding balance, I wonder,
does that relate to you not
accepting failure as well?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
Can you explain that a
little bit more to you?
>> It's good to lose
and not always win.
>> Am I right in thinking
that they also mean,
things don't have to be
perfect all the time.
Again, having that balance,
or do they not mean that?
>> That's correct.
>> Yeah.
OK.
>> Three things.
Patience.
Calm down and do what I want to
do, that the sky has no limits.
Those are values that I
will take on board now.
And I think it helped
me a lot, this session,
because now I have
more clarity to this.
>> I wonder if there's any other
questions that you would like
to ask them.
>> No.
>> It was lovely to do
the session with Dan.
I think he'll benefit
from it a lot.
He'll get that sense
of balance, and he'll
get to really
understand and feel
why things feel so
important for him,
and why sometimes it's good
to take a little step back.
How long do you think it's been?
>> It felt like I'd
been like 20 minutes.
>> It's been three hours.
>> Seriously?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my God.
Seriously.
>> Seriously.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Before, I didn't have much
belief, like in hypnotherapy,
now I highly recommend it.
If I could have one every
single day of the week, I would.
As simple as that.
That's how good it feels.
You feel like you slept.
But now I feel like bouncing
off the walls full of energy,
full of life,
which is the truth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's been two weeks
since my session,
and I feel amazingly great.
What came up is strong
roots, strong foundation.
For me, it means we
have to start somewhere
in order to build something
solid for ourselves.
I remember like, I hate eating,
for example, eating beetroot.
But now I took that on board.
[LAUGHS] Believe it or not.
Even if I have to hold my nose
every time I take a mouthful.
[LAUGHS] But I thought, why not?
Let's give it a go.
And I do feel much better.
Funny enough, I'm building
some furniture back
in the mainland for my
mother from cherry wood.
Things just coming together.
It's unbelievable.
And yes, I feel much better.
And I am putting
things into progress
as well with regarding patience,
regarding myself, regarding
thinking things ahead.
But not hitting myself
in the chest too much
with things or anything.
Just going with the flow.
Just trying to
balance, yeah, I can
have fun when I
need to have fun,
but also, I got my own
responsibilities and family
to take care of.
Thank you, Ellemiek.
I had a journey into my
soul and moving forward,
I'm taking everything what
I learned from that day
into my future as a guidance,
step by step on my daily basis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]